Document REUSE requirements (#171)
OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee: incubation-process.md

* **The project has implemented an open governance process so that participation in the project becomes possible.** It is documented how decisions are taken in the project and how people can become committers and maintainers.
* **There is a public business roadmap so that there is transparency about what drives the project.**
* **The project's software is used in production so that it is demonstrated that the software is ready for serious use.** It is sufficient if this is only the organization developing the project.

> * **There is clarity about the licensing of the project so that it can be safely used in a compliant way.** To achieve that the project is [REUSE](https://reuse.software) compliant and there is an automatic check which runs the REUSE linter. This detailed requirements and process are documented [here](project-handbook/reuse.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **There is clarity about the licensing of the project so that it can be safely used in a compliant way.** To achieve that the project is [REUSE](https://reuse.software) compliant and there is an automatic check which runs the REUSE linter. Theses detailed requirements and processes are documented [here](project-handbook/reuse.md).
```
